[Music]
what is up YouTube it's your girl Evelyn
and now that killing Eve season 3 has
come to an end it's time to make some
season 4 predictions so let's dive right
in and as always there may be potential
spoilers so proceed with caution at the
end of season three's finale
even villanelle otherwise known as are
unable to walk out of each other's lives
and it seems likely that season 4 will
not only give us our largest dose of
even villanelle to date but I also
predict that our fav duo will combine
their powers for good and finally face
off against the 12 with Constantine and
Irina's help think about it if next
season villanelle and Eve go after the
12 they'll need a benefactor with deep
pockets to fund their operation
Carolyn seems to have at least
temporarily lost her taste for chasing
the 12 so it's doubtful that mi6 will
continue funding Eve's investigation but
our boy Constantine has at least 6
million euros and a budding psychopath
in his custody not to mention I have a
feeling that evading the twelve isn't
gonna be as easy as Constantine seems to
think throw in our bitter pill boys
Jamie and bear and we've got ourselves a
brand new season for a Scooby Gang on
the hunt for the 12 one of my favorite
things about killing Eve is how the show
loves to completely disregard check-offs
gun you know the theory that states if
something is an essential don't include
it in the story I don't show me a gun
if you don't plan on shooting it now
it's certainly possible that the mention
of dasha having a son is nothing more
than a red herring but I'm not entirely
convinced although we have no proof that
Ash's son is anything more than a normal
well-adjusted guy minding his own
business back in Russia we also have no
proof that he's not a chip off the old
block who once he finds out
his mother's murder will vow eternal
vengeance on both Eve and villanelle not
to mention Basha was an awesome
character and if she really is dead it
would be nice to see a part of her live
on through her son they say fool me once
strike one
but fool me twice I know I sound like a
broken record but you guys I have a
really good feeling that in season four
the Enigma of the twelve will finally be
cracked wide open once and for all
for three long seasons killing Eve has
dangled the mystery of the twelve in
front of us like a carrot on a stick
but I believe our weight will finally
pay dividends in season four it kind of
has to with mi6 fading further into the
background and even villanelle no longer
trying to kill each other
we need the twelve to step up in a big
way
after all in order to find out how deep
the rabbit-hole goes
we need to first locate the rabbit hole
before season three I was looking
forward to meeting a keeper and while
technically I got my wish I think it's
time to up the ante and finally meet one
of the twelve in season four
Irina's justifiable if not somewhat
clumsily executed transformation from a
cocky wise beyond her years preteen to a
cold-blooded killer was one of season
three's most head-scratching turns but
in season four I believe I arenas
budding psychopathy will flourish under
villanelles tutelage because although
villanelle may be losing her killer's
edge that doesn't mean she can't pass on
what's left of it - Irena this app pupil
relationship has the potential to be one
of the funniest if not most disturbing
storylines of the season and I am here
for it before season 3 the idea of Eve
and villanelles relationship moving into
the physical realm seemed extremely
unlikely but now with their first kiss
and first date
out of the way well I'm not so sure with
each new season killing Eve is getting
better at giving us what we want most
when we least expect it and the last
thing any of us are expecting is a love
scene between our favorite ladies this
prediction is probably the least likely
to happen but then again season three
kicked villanelle and Eve's relationship
into high gear and unless the writers
pull the proverbial emergency break a
love scene between the two is beginning
to feel inevitable and those are my
season 4 predictions tell me what do you
guys think will happen next season let
me know in the comments as always thank
you so much for watching and if you
liked this video please do me a favor
and give it a thumbs up and I'll see you
guys next week